FileSystemWebServer
-------------------

Simple Web Server serving files from the Flash chip using SPIIFS.

"data" folder contains the files which the webserver has to server. Currently only index.html is present.
But you may add your won files. The files in the data folder are stored inside the flash chip of the ESP12E with support of SPIFFS.
The biggest advantage is that you can easily add your html files to data folder and upload them. But this method is little slow.
Other way is to make this into an C header file. But this is time consuming since you need to map them to a variable name,
convert " using escape charater to \" etc. This is also time consuming. Adding a new html, javascript, css file etc are easy when
you have an data folder. You just need to paste them and upload uisng the option in Arduino Tools -> ESP8266 Sketch Data Upload

WIFI-DETAILS

Steps to get the example running
--------------------------------
1) Edit the WIFI-DETAILS.ino file and add your home router name and password instead of WIFI_NAME and WIFI_PASSWORD

2) Upload using Arduino the file - FileSystemWebServer.ino
After this we need to upload the contents in "data" folder to ESP12E.
For this, click Tools -> ESP8266 Sketch Data Upload
If you don't have this option, make sure you have followed the steps mentioned in below link
https://github.com/esp8266/Arduino#using-git-version-

3) After both operations are done, do a power ON/OFF so that our new software starts running.
If you are viewing the serial port, you can get lots of info about what ESP12E is doing.
For viewing the contents of serial port, you may use the Arduino Serial Monitor with baudrate of 115200
or you may use the screen software or any other tools
screen /dev/ttyUSB0 115200

4) If all things are fine, you can see the blue LED on the ESP12E is On.

5) Visit esp8266.local on your browser
Note: I have noticed that accessing esp8266.local on Adroid phones doesn't work since mDNS used in this project is not 
supported by Android. Only way to access this webpage on Android phone is to provide the complete ip address. Ip address
can be obtained from the serial log or by logging into your router and finding the list of devices connected to your router.

I have heard that you can access this link on iPhones. 

But esp8266.local works perfectly on my laptop using Mozilla Firefox browser. On Chrome its not working

If you want to change the name domain name, edit "host" in WIFI-DETAILS.ino file. I am not sure if you can change the ".local"
